please welcome the creative director of
project natal kudo sonoda
alright thanks done um so thank you so
don challenged us to think beyond and
what did beyond really mean to our team
well we wanted to build experiences that
no matter what your age or gaming
ability you can instantly jump in and
have fun while providing core gamers a
level of control they never dreamed
possible experiences where you have
total control over your in-game
character just by moving your body or
using your voice you have control over
your avatar in the most natural way
imaginable so we got some early
prototypes that we want to show you that
really illustrate our vision this tech
demo it's a full body athletic and
competitive activity that we call
ricochet so let's jump in alright so the
great thing about ricochet is how fast
anybody can jump in and start having fun
there's no controls to learn you already
know how to play the game just by
knowing how to move your body the simple
point of this game is to destroy the
bricks at the end of the hall it's like
a 3d break out where your body controls
the ball so Abigail why don't you take
it away they can see right away the
things that can only be done with natal
Abby's got full control over avatar just
by moving your body no controller
required but hey this demo it's not just
about waving your arms you can also move
around freely in 3d space so we don't
have to set any of the movements for you
in the game she's free to move wherever
she wants she can move in and out to hit
the balls harder she can move left and
right to keep the balls in play and when
you combine this kind of full avatar
control and the ability to move around
freely in your living room you're going
to get true physical play nice kick
serve Abby so besides being super fun to
play ricochet also keeps you in great
shape you can see by the nature gate of
the game she's constantly moving around
with all the multi-ball she has to keep
extremely active to keep the game going
this isn't a game where you end up on
the sofa just using some kind of preset
waggle commands
all right nice job Abby and now with the
power the 360 developers get the full
body tracking and the precision to build
deep layers of gameplay so we're using
real-world physics to calculate how each
ball reacts to her body so she can aim
to hit those multi ball power-ups you
see you down at the end of the hall or
you can just add more power by hitting
the ball harder to generate all those
fireballs you see on screen awesome job
Abby let's give her a hand so ricochets
currently single player but our
technology will also allow us to track
multiple people so we can make all games
a multiplayer as well so then next tech
demo we're going to show you highlights
the purely creative and collaborative
types of experiences you can build with
project natal we call this demo paint
party paint party is a 3d art demo where
you can use your full body motion and
voice recognition to express express
your inner creativity so to show off
paint party let's welcome Darren Bennett
a creative director at Microsoft game
studio everybody thanks kiddo so up on
our canvas here we have our inspiration
image it's an African elephant on the
plains of Kenya so I'm feeling is fired
let's splat so you see there's my big
canvas that's where we're going to paint
our background light blue I'm going to
slop around some paint with my bucket
throw here that's my sky and then I
think I'll put a great big cloud up in
the sky white so throw another bucket up
there there's my cloud now I'm going to
go to someone handed gestures and paint
some mountains in the background blue
okay all right there's my mountains now
let's put let's put some earth down dark
brown
oh there we go so painting my ground
then I'm going to want some brown and
they're going to just lay down a little
extra texture on there I never get some
light brown all right a little more
texture and color in there and then I
think I want a tree line in the
background could i get some green all
right there's my tree line so i think
that's a pretty awesome background but
not quite satisfied yet i want to put a
tree up in the foreground so could i get
brown and make my trunk sweet all right
now I'm going to put some palm leaves on
it green so there we go little finer
strokes my hand put some palm leaves on
there not even sure there are palm trees
in Kenya where there we go ok so I'm
stoked on my background and now i want
to make the elephant and so i'm going to
say pose that brings in my stencil paper
and you can see i can use my whole body
make any kind of crazy pose i want and
if you have any friends or family in the
living room you can invite them on in
and they can help you make some art as
well and since i'm making a four-legged
animal I need some help so Abby would
you like to come back up and help me
make my elephant ok so here we go
alright so there's a relafen alright
let's get up a little snack right check
it out have a little grass tastes good
okay and so now we're gonna take our
stencil so ready cheese alright so
there's our elf thanks happy okay so now
we're going to paint them in elephants
are gray throw a couple more buckets up
there now I'm going to sandwich my
stencil with my background when I say
reveal there's our gorgeous masterpiece
thank all right great job Darren happy
let's hear it for them one more time so
you can see when it's all we can deliver
experiences that can't be done in any
other medium or on any other console
we've got full body control of your
avatar being able to move freely around
in 3d space using your voice naturally
as a part of the experience and all
without a controller project natal work
with all Xbox 360s and development kits
are arriving at our partners today and
with that I'll turn it back over to you
don great job Kudo